<h1>MaterialsStockMarket</h1>

MaterialsStockMarket allows you to simulate "commodity trading" on your Minecraft server! You can add up to 45 items to the nice looking buy/sell GUI. Ofcourse, you as admin can decide what the current buy and sell prices are.

<h2>Commands/options</h2>
<b>/mm open:</b> Opens the trading GUI.</br>
<b>/mm addays <amount>:</b>  adds a amount of days to the auto pricing algorithm.</br>
<b>/mm depression <percentage>:</b>  let all the stocks drop by a specific percentage.</br>
<b>/mm help:</b>  opens the help overview.</br>
<b>/mm changebuyprices <ITEM> <amount>:</b>  changes the buy price of an item. (decimals allowed, must be a positive value).</br>
<b>/mm changesellprice <ITEM> <amount>:</b>  changes the sell price of an item. (decimals allowed, must be a positive value).</br>

<h2>Permissions</h2>
If you want to give a player access to the trading GUI, you have to give him just one permission: 
MaterialsStockMarket.open
It is recommended to give the player access to 'Essentials.balance'. This way, the player is able to check his current balance.

  <h5>All permissions:</h5>
  <b>MaterialsStockMarket.open:</b> allows player to open the trading GUI.</br>
<b>MaterialsStockMarket.adddays:</b> allows player to add days to the auto pricing algorithm. (By default, every minecraft day the price will update)</br>
<b>MaterialsStockMarket.depresssion:</b> allows player to create a 'depression'.</br>
<b>MaterialsStockMarket.help:</b> allows player to see the help menu.</br>
<b>MaterialsStockMarket.changebuyprice:</b> allows player to change the buy prices.</br>
<b>MaterialsStockMarket.changesellprice:</b> allows player to change the sell prices.</br>

<h2>Change items/prices</h2>
If you want to add/remove items or change the prices, you have to edit the config.yml file. This file is automatic generated by adding the plugin (.jar) to your server plugins folder. Since v2.0 it is also possible to change the buy/sell prices in-game (you need permissions to do this, of course).

<h2>Future updates</h2>
- Automatic price generation DONE</br>
- A better/more extensive trading GUI</br>
- In-game commands for adding/removing/change items and prices (admin only)</br>

<h2>The default config.yml</h2>
If you would like to reset your config.yml, please use the one from the GitHub Repository.

  <h5>Add new item</h5>
  1. Add the item (IN CAPS!) to 'items:'</br>
  2. Add the item to 'buyprices' with the initial buy price.</br>
  3. repeat step 2 for 'sellprices'.</br>
  4. Place the item under the correct category (it is currently not possible to create categories by your own).</br>

  <h5>Change settings</h5>
  You have the possibility to change specific settings in the config.yml file. In the top of the file, you can edit the plugin to your needs. </br>
  - <b>autoprice (value: true or false):</b> the server will generate new values of all items.</br>
  - <b>inventoryrows:</b> amount of rows in the GUI (excl. the first row for displaying some information)</br>
  - <b>autopriceseconds:</b> the interval between two automatic stockmarket price updates in seconds. (autoprice must be 'true')
